add archivista 0.8.0 (#102)
spectrocloud/pack-central: packs/archivista-0.8.0/README.md

# Archivista

![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square)

Helm chart for Archivista - a graph and storage service for in-toto attestations.

## Prerequisites

A MySQL database and S3 compatible store are needed to successfully install this Helm chart.

> See [Archivista configuration](https://github.com/in-toto/archivista#configuration) for environment variables needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Archivista configuration](https://github.com/in-toto/archivista#configuration) configuration guide for environment variables needed
```

| ingress.enabled                            | bool   | `true`        |
| ingress.hosts[0].host                      | string | `"archivista.localhost"` |
| ingress.hosts[0].path                      | string | `"/"`         |
| ingress.tls                                | list   | `[]`          |
| nameOverride                               | string | `""`          |
| nodeSelector                               | object | `{}`          |
| podAnnotations                             | object | `{}`          |
| podSecurityContext                         | object | `{}`          |
| replicaCount                               | int    | `1`           |
| resources                                  | object | `{}`          |
| serviceAccount.annotations                 | object | `{}`          |
| serviceAccount.create                      | bool   | `false`       |
| serviceAccount.name                        | string | `""`          |
| service.port                               | int    | `8082`        |
| service.type                               | string | `"ClusterIP"` |
| tolerations                                | list   | `[]`          |

> 

Reviewer: @wcrum Any change we can add a Usage section? It's okay if it only has a sentence or two. If you can link to a user guide or something that would go a long way 😄

Author: Will do.

| ingress.enabled                            | bool   | `true`        |
| ingress.hosts[0].host                      | string | `"archivista.localhost"` |
| ingress.hosts[0].path                      | string | `"/"`         |
| ingress.tls                                | list   | `[]`          |
| nameOverride                               | string | `""`          |
| nodeSelector                               | object | `{}`          |
| podAnnotations                             | object | `{}`          |
| podSecurityContext                         | object | `{}`          |
| replicaCount                               | int    | `1`           |
| resources                                  | object | `{}`          |
| serviceAccount.annotations                 | object | `{}`          |
| serviceAccount.create                      | bool   | `false`       |
| serviceAccount.name                        | string | `""`          |
| service.port                               | int    | `8082`        |
| service.type                               | string | `"ClusterIP"` |
| tolerations                                | list   | `[]`          |

## Usage

> Please refer to [Archivista Github](https://github.com/in-toto/archivista/blob/main/README.md) for further information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find additional guidance in the [Archivista Github](https://github.com/in-toto/archivista/blob/main/README.md) README.
```

Super tiny suggestion :)

Author: I'd prefer if we left it out, I'll encourage InToto and the Archivista people to update the Readme as they see fit.
